Questions for Web site development

1. What does your business do?
We use our proprietary microbe-based technology with biocarbon to clean
contaminated properties.

2. Looking at your website right now, can you show me what you do and don&#39;t like about
it?
Start over – fresh, new look.

3. Is there anything you would like to carry over from this website?  
No
 
4.  What makes your company unique?  
The company works closely with each client to deliver a site-specific solution to restore
contaminated environments and provide long-term solutions to managing
contamination. Our process is cost effective, “green” and faster than traditional
remediation.
This restoration process is achieved with naturally occurring microbes and biocarbon.
Our approach is simply to provide contaminated sites with the microbes that naturally
“consume” the unwanted materials. Alpha Omega does not use, nor has ever used,
genetically modified organisms.
Our process:
 Is the natural and successful solution to most of today&#39;s polluted waste sites and
environmental  hazards
 Often works on all contaminants of concern with a single application – no
continuous on-site staff or equipment required
 Uses indigenous, naturally-occurring microbes found in the environment to
create an ecosystem that  rapidly restores hazardous sites back to a clean state
 Harnesses naturally occurring biogeochemical processes – the power of Mother
Nature
 Destroys or immobilizes contaminants rather than transforming them into a new
problem – creating long-term waste solutions with no side effects
 Saves money by shortening clean up times (up to 1/3 of the time of traditional
methods) and providing a solution with lower capital expenditures compared to
other remediation technologies that rely on costly equipment, aeration systems
and physical removal techniques
 Non-hazardous to humans, animals and plant life. Microbes are  shipped under
US DOT category Class 60 - all natural agricultural food product - and as such
require no special permits. Moreover, the Center for Disease Control, the
National Institute of Health, the American  Microbiological Society and the
American Type Culture Collection have  all validated that every microbe in in
Alpha Omega’s consortia meet the criteria  for Bio-Safety Level l, which implies
the smallest risks to  humans, animals and plants. Because we use only Bio-
Safety Level I  microbes, they are totally non-harmful to whatever  they come
into contact with
 Our technology is approved by USEPA, Environment Canada and regulatory
agencies  worldwide.


5. Who are the main competitors?
Competitors are companies that remediate contaminated sites. Some of these
companies are large, multinationals and some are small. Most of these companies offer
conventional remediation services that include ‘pump and treat’ and ‘dig and haul’.
These services simply move contamination from one place to another or from water or
soil to air.
Compared to Conventional Remediation Strategies, bioremediation:
 Costs less
 Minimal disturbance of the property so normal site activities can proceed
unimpeded
 Waste to be treated remains on site, eliminating dig and haul and reducing
environmental liabilities
 Organic pollutants are converted into non-hazardous products - no need to
landfill sludge or residue
 Minimal capital construction and infrastructure required to commence
 treatment
 Handles complex contaminants
 Shorter remediation time, usually 3 to 18 months, compared to pump and
 treat
 Can be used to treat large areas of contamination, land or water.


6. What websites do you like and why?  
I like The Smart Group, Inc web site – simple, says what we do, where we have done it
and why you should use our company.


7. Who exactly are your customers?   Are you looking to expand your customer base to
include individuals?
Companies or government entities that own contaminated properties or that caused
contamination to occur. Individuals will usually not need our services.


8. What are the pain points your product helps customers with?
Remove contaminants from property in a lasting and financially smart way.


9. What features do you want your website to have?  
Tell what we do.
Tell how we do what we do.
Tell some of our successes.
Get potential clients to talk with us about their problem(s).

10.  What do you want people to do on your website? (for example, learn about
microbes, see past success, contact for purchasing)
Please see 9.


11. Do you have any color schemes or typography that would like to use?
No


12.  Do you have a timeline in mind?
No
